- [Apprenticeship Project Assessment](#apprenticeship-project-assessment)
  * [Report](#report)
  * [Presentation](#presentation)
  * [Dates](#dates)
  * [References](#references)

# Apprenticeship Project Assessment

Contains the report and presentation of the work-based project I built during my L7 AI and Data Science apprenticeship at the BBC.

I built a machine learning pipeline that generates metadata item embeddings for the calculation of item similarity in the context
of Content-To-Content similarity recommendations for BBC iPlayer.

## Report

- The project report should be in the form of a paper based or electronic report.
- All work relating to the project report must be started and completed during the EPA period.
- The project report will comprise of a written report with a word count of 5,000 words plus/minus
a tolerance of 10% [4500, 5500] is allowed. Appendices, references, diagrams and tables will not be included in
this total.

Word Count: 4970

The format of the project report should be:

- Introduction and background
- Outline of the issue or opportunity and the business problem to be solved
- Methods used & justification
- The scope of the project (including key performance indicators)
- Data selection, collection & pre-processing
- Survey of potential alternatives
- Implementation - performance metrics
- Results
- Discussion & conclusions/recommendations
- Summary of findings
- Implications
- Caveats & limitations
- Appendices
  - Code & documentation used for the project e.g. coding developed
  - Statistical rigour - To include uncertainty/bias/error estimates as appropriate
  - Figures/tables/visualisation as appropriate to project
  - Mapping of the project report to the KSB’s mapped to this method
  - Verification by the apprentice's employer that the project report is a true reflection of
the apprentice's involvement, and the report is their own work.

## Presentation

Apprentices will prepare and deliver a presentation that appropriately covers the KSBs assigned to
this method of assessment.

The presentation will be based on the project report and will cover:
- a high-level summary of the main aspects of the project report
- context/implications/recommendations from the project report
- research undertaken
- practical application of knowledge, skills and behaviours to complete the project report
- business recommendations
- any follow-on outcomes
- actions and next steps.

The presentation with supplementary questions will last for 75 minutes (the typical length of the
presentation will be 30 minutes and the typical length of the questioning will be 45 minutes). The
independent assessor has the discretion to increase the time of the presentation by up to 10% to
allow the apprentice to answer their last question.

To deliver the presentation, the apprentice will have access to:
- flip chart
- work products
- notes
- interactive boards
- PowerPoint
- videos
- computer
- interactive demonstrations.

A minimum of 10 questions will be asked at the end of the presentation; follow-up questions are
allowed and do not form part of the question number count. Questions can be generated by the
assessor based on the presentation, however an EPAO question bank must be provided for the
assessor to use as a guide.

## Dates
- Start date: 23/09/2024
- Completion date: 04/11/2024
- Submission date: 18/11/2024

## References
- [AI Apprenticeship Standard](https://www.instituteforapprenticeships.org/media/3685/st0763_artificial-intelligence-ai-data-specialist_l7_ap-for-publication_qm.pdf)
- [Report Guidelines](https://app.edukate.ai/modules/9516/markdown_page/2421)
- [LaTeX Document Structure](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX/Document_Structure)
